AN NGO PORTAL


We help Common People Reach Out To various NGO's, Search their Events, Register for the Upcoming ones and also make online Donations.

Made with Love

It is an help from the students of DJ Sanghvi to help the helpers and indeed help the society.


MOTIVATE

The website is made as a project but aims for a larger good and indeed helipng the soceity out of it.



Why should you volunteer?

Volunteering plays and has played an indispensable role in human civilization. Volunteer Service is all about contributing one’s time or talents for helping others for various worthwhile purposes. Volunteering is a two way process of gaining first hand knowledge, experience and lending a helping hand to society.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Change the about.html page


OUR PARTNER NGO'S

We believe that we are just a part of the revolution they began.
There is more of them than we potray . Have a look.



***

CRY

Child Rights and You commonly abbreviated as CRY is a non-profit organisation in India that aims to restore children's rights in India. The organisation was established in 1979. The organisation partners with grass-roots Non-governmental organisations to uplift thousands of Indian children denied basic children's rights.[1][2] It works towards restoring basic rights to children, especially from India and works across levels from direct action to advocacy, mobilizing public opinion and policy change. It was started by Rippan Kapur in 1979 with Rs 50, he died in 1994 at the age of 40. However by then, the organisation has grown, in 1993 the organisation had spent Rs.1.75 crore on 58 projects in rural, urban and tribal areas. It focuses mainly on the 4 basic rights of survival, development, protection and participation which were defined by the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC), an international human rights treaty which has been ratified by 192 countries.

www.cry.org

****

Aamcha Ghar


Amcha Ghar is a NGO that provides a residential home for orphaned and semi-orphaned girls from the streets of Mumbai. In the 1990s, Agatha Susheela Dias and Anthony Dias were worked as a social worker in the streets of Mumbai. In 1995, they rescued a sexually exploited girl from the Mumbai Street, only to discover that no institutions would take her because she was not an orphan. They realized that no home catered to semi-orphan girl child or to those living in vulnerable situations. The girls were denied admission in homes if they had a single parent, despite the fact that the single parent often worked all day, leaving the girl to fend for herself or placing her in the care of sexually, physically or emotionally abusive relatives. After witnessing such helplessness, Mr. and Mrs. Dias were inspired to form a unique organization that would serve those living in such situations.

http://amchaghar.org/



****Welfare of Stray Dogs

http://www.wsdindia.org/

Welfare of Stray Dogs is a non-profit trust dedicated to helping street dogs. The trust was set up and registered with the Government in 1985.

We are recognised by the Animal Welfare Board of India (Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India) and associated with the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) UK.

Since 1989 we have been carrying out a mass sterilisation programme for stray dogs, following the recommendations of the World Health Organisation on rabies eradication and dog population control.


****

Trishul

http://www.trishul-ngo.org/

A non-governmental organization (NGO) is an organization that is neither a part of a government nor a conventional for-profit business. Usually set up by ordinary citizens, NGOs may be funded by governments, foundations, businesses, or private persons.



******
Green Citi

A non-governmental organization (NGO) is an organization that is neither a part of a government nor a conventional for-profit business. Usually set up by ordinary citizens, NGOs may be funded by governments, foundations, businesses, or private persons.



